Blogging so after scanning the line of the different host we can check Do available updates that we
need to use it in our homes.
So we click on that number.
How do you see that.
We have updated al-Hadi as tallied those option right here.
She did try to get information about it and you can go to the link is already as tallied in a different
E6 I host.
How do you see that we have some missing updates.
For example this one is critical if we click on the design right here.
You see this is about to do.
Indeed it is 6.5 to no more etc..
For more information.
Is this like.
Did it show your disability is critical then the impact that you will need to reboot and maintenance
more.
In the host to complete this installation What is up with this update is important but does not need
to reboot or to put the horse into maintenance mode.
This one about do the IB.
Then we have some other one.
And if you remember where we have to excite Explorer 5 but if we checked Isak's I 5.5 we don't have
any updates for that because Ald. I hope that we have does not have to 5.5 to make to upgrade or to
update it.
So all the other vision is not show up always show not applicable.
So its only show due 6.5 if you remember that we can talk about it.
That's all the show available is a host in your environments.
So this is the difference.
Update our environment need to upgrade.
The difference is XCI host so the same for the second one to do it right its the same because we use
the same version of the house in the tree E6.
I sort of.
So then if we got to do cluster live it and in the same we checked the update manager we have only do
hosts but we don't see do.
VM were two parts because the VM where its not integration about the cluster or do is excite is integration
about the virtual machine.
So the same right here you can click on it to check the non-compliant.
Then a delivery of it is x.
I host also we can do busline or the halls base where you see the different desires about the update
necessity in this is because I host.
Of course if there are another Isak's I host with a moderate version of our model updates you will see
a different return for this one need 15 missing updates.
The other one we have only about 3 updates.
The other one that I have is I 5.5.
We have about 13 updates etc..
So you see the demise of all the different updates for the difference is excite I host did Abdula of
the virtual machine if we got the update manager you will find that we have only the VM where two updates
of course.
Horst Berge is an illusion about course.
It is illogical you found the host's page.
I believe in individual machine because its is not of any relation about the virtual machine.
So if you back to the Adamy if you like that then we go to the Hospers line.
The Virtual Machine busline
or just back to the house and cluster if we back to the start and we got to do them well to upgrade.
We scan for it and of course it will not detect any updates because it necessary to upgrade the hosts
before we will Abitur check do upgrades of the VM which are our delivery of the virtual machine you
see right here compliant is already compliant does incompatible the swamp that there's no talk on operating
systems so it is incomplete even then Inconel this one for the full two reasons this one can't be upgraded
because it does not exist.
It's just our middle of the virtual machine.
Number four.
So you see VM x 0 4 and Inconel 0 for the same mystery machine exists in in Cuno in compliant.
So it should destry virtual machine.
That's half the VM we're it is compliant that's mean there's not need any updates.
Why.
Because we didn't upgrade it because I host so the check or the scan is between the virtual machine
and the VM were available in E6 I host because they were to exist at the level of the eye holes exist
with high ISO.
So it took a compliance between the virtual machine VM which were studied individually and do what we
were taught exist in do I host.
So it's compliance that actually does one does not have the VM so that's why it's incompatible.
I mean do not have the VM were true and one cannot one because this is just the middle of a virtual
machine.
When we upgrade the different tool off of the years I host the hypervisor automatically Dovi we're told
will be updated in E6 I host.
So when we check any updates for the VM we're taught at the level of the virtual machine it will detect
the difference between New York version available and the existing vision started in a different machine.
So here in the next video.